not only did we find a puppy but
we found arguably one of the
cutest puppies in the world
you've been banned in this is
superb up the hit the masculine
or dependent
yeah
poor I was like well you know he
probably be drinking coffee milk
or whatever and so I was like we
have string cheese
he's a little survivor i took my
thumb and gave him water and
suckle the water of my thumb and
little on the strange
I'm a bear
for me one of the important
things to have on these trips
morale is beer
we're like this will make a
perfect little panel for suffer
pub and that became suffer pups
home
we went from being like this
like shivering little close to
death feature to being really
happy little puppy
it's pretty cool to watch
Oh pop you're such a good dog
you're so lucky you're such a
naughty little dog